docs(cmp): Document ConfigManagementPlugin.spec.version more clearly (#15974)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/config-management-plugins.md

  # The name of the plugin must be unique within a given Argo CD instance.
  name: my-plugin
spec:

>   # The version of your plugin. Optional, will be appended to <metadata.name> if set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The version of your plugin. Optional. If specified, the Application's spec.source.plugin.name field
  # must be <plugin name>-<plugin version>.
```

Author: I've adpoted your wording, and ammended the commit.
